Link to the video: <br>
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X4tdrPmLd44&ab_channel=AndreyErmolaev

Text transcript: <br>
<br>
Hi everyone! <br>
My name is Andrew, and originally I am from Minsk, Belarus, but for many years I live in Prague. Basically, I moved here 2006, when I was seventeen, so you can easily count how old I am. I’ve entered the University of Economics in Prague, finished my bachelor studies ona Business Administration faculty. Then, I decided to travel for a couple of years, I moved to the United States.
I came back to Prague in 2014, entered the University of Economics in Prague, again, to finish my master studies, which I successfully did. And now, for a couple of years, I am working as a sales manager in a company, dealing with different watersports, like windsurfing and kitesurfing, because I am a fond of kitesurfing myself. I have been kitesurfing for 15 years by now, or something like that. <br>
Ano now I've decided to completely change my career, and to become a frontend developer. Basically, it started in a different way a little bit. <br> I’ve started my studies and my acquaintance with programming with Python language. I’ve finished one course in Python, which was called “Generation Python”. It’s an online course, quite good, I should say, which helped me, when I started to learn JavaScript. But when I started to looking for job opportunities, it wasn’t something, what I would like to do. So I decided to switch to JavaScript, because it gives you the feedback right away, you write the code, and you see the result of you are doing, you know, right away.<br>
The reasons why I decided to switch to programming, there a couple of them, I can not just pick one, because there are, basically, a lot of them.<br> First of all, I always kind of liked computers, when I was a small kid and had my first PC, I used to “hack” some games, I went to DOS settings to change something for the game to work properly. <br>
What I like the most, I think, is the carrier opportunities programming give you. Because if you want to learn something new, if you want to switch to another branch, learn another language, or in the same language, let’s say JavaScript, you want to learn not just frontend, but also backend, become a full-stack developer, get a higher salary- you’re just free to go! <br> The second reason is that it’s really cool, if you can create something, people will be using on a daily basis. And you can say: “Yeah, I’ve made this App and I’ve made this website and you are using it, cool!”. There is a huge room for any creativity. <br>And last but not the least, is the free schedule, kind of. You can work from any place in the world, take your laptop and do your work. You can live in any country, any city. I love travelling, so that’s also one of the reasons, why I decided to switch to it. <br>Regarding RS School course, my cousin works at EPAM Systems, and he was the one who recommended this course to me. And I’m so grateful to him that he did it! Because this course is really amazing: you have deadlines, you have a lot of practice and motivation to finish the task before the deadline. You have amazing mentors, other students who can help you, with whom you can chat and communicate, a whole community of people. And really, this is the best course I’ve ever seen, and I did not even know, that a free course can be just great and teach you a lot. Not a single course I’ve seen before gives you such amount of practice. <br>
Hopefully see you guys soon, and have a good day!